
	Himedun Ver1.00




【Software name】	Himedun Ver1.00
【Copyright holder】　　SUMA
【Production date】　　　2023/10/29
【By type】	Free software
【Distribution source】　　　http://www2.hp-ez.com/hp/sumagame/page1
【Possibility of reprinting】　Yes
【Operating environment】　　arduboy
【How to uninstall】Please remove the software directly

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
≪Copyright and Disclaimer≫

　This software is free software. Regardless of personal / group / internal use, please use freely.
　The copyright is owned by the author SUMA.

　With regard to all obstacles, damages, defects, etc. caused by using this software, we are not responsible for any parties and organizations to which I and my stakeholders and I belong. Please use at your own risk.
　Zundamon, Tohoku Kiritan, and Shikoku Metan are characters of the Tohoku Zunko Zundamon Project.（ず・ω・きょ）


・at first
	Thank you for downloading this game.
	This game is designed to be played with arduoy.
	You can start the game by installing "Arduino IDE" from the development environment to arduboy.
	This game is an RPG style game in which you control a princess to escape from a dungeon.

・Operation Methods
　	・Title
　	　←→Select level
　	　Ａ Start the game
	　Ｂ Viewing character grasps

　	・Main Mode
	　←→Selection of item
	　Ａ P Determination of item

　	・Game Clear or Game Over
	　Ｂ Return to the title screen
・Hint
　	・The damage you receive will increase when you are cursed. Curses overlap, so have the nun lift the curse as soon as possible.
　
　	・When you attack with an axe, if two 6's appear, it is a critical attack and the damage will be increased and the DP (fatigue value) will be recovered.
　　	　When you attack with a kick, the next enemy attack will be guarded and the damage will be halved.
　　	　When you attack with an axe or magic, the next enemy's attack will be deflected.

　	・If you get an axe from the shopkeeper, one of the dice will always roll 5 or 6 when you attack with the axe.
　　	　When you receive an axe from a shopkeeper, your MP will recover if you take 6 or more damage when guarding against an enemy's attack.

　	・There are some attacks that enemies are not good at and some that don't work so well. Let's try to see which attacks are effective.
　
　	・Enemies and events appear differently on the left and right sides.
　	　Especially on the right side, you may encounter powerful dragons.

・Change log
2023/10/29 ver1.00　Completion
　　